Second Report for a Student Chosen Project

Do the following:

1. In the table below, list the dates, amount of time spent, and
description of the work that you did on your project. Follow the example
that is in the first row of the table below. Include the time you spent
doing any of the following:
    a. discussing your project with your teacher, tutor, or fellow students
    b. researching by reading articles and watching applicable videos
    c. designing your project by drawing diagrams and other applicable documents
    d. writing experimental code
    d. writing code for your project
    e. writing test functions
    f. debugging your code
    g. any other activity that helped you complete your project

            Time Spent
   Date       (hours)   Description of Work
----------  ----------  -------------------------
2024-6-04      4        Worked on my outline and started my main functions writing what it would call and how I wanted the 
			            flow of my document to be. Switched from using from using a txt file to csv file.

2024-9-04      8        Spent a lot of time looking at documentation and trying to figure out how to best write my logic.
                        Learned about dict reader which allows me to take from csv files and make dictionaries as well
                        take dictinaries and format them into csv (using field names for example). Also got to learn about 
                        amount the enumerate function and compoundstatements.

2024-10-04	    8	    Test functions D:	
                        Why did I make my functions so complicated. I managed to get only one of my functions to work.
                        Spent a couple hours trying to firgure out what I was even testing, how to use sample inputs, write to 
                        a test csv file (does't work). Ran into OS error asking me to use py -s (couldn't fix it)
                        struggled with pytest.fixture, inputs and much more. I did try really hard to get working test function though.



2. In Canvas, submit this completed text file, your Python program, your
Python test file, and any project data files such as .txt and .csv files and
link to video walkthrough if needed.
